# SARRIÁ FITNESS, SL TERMS OF USE

## LEGAL

In compliance with the provisions of article 10 of the Spanish Law 34/2002, of July 11, on Services of the Information Society and Electronic Commerce, the DATA OF THE HOLDER of this website is described below.

### DATA OF THE HOLDER

- Headline: Sarriá Fitness SL (hereinafter FITtoken)
- Registered office: C/ Can Segalar 10-12 08014 Barcelona (Spain)
- e-mail: [info@fittoken.io](mailto:info@fittoken.io)

## TERMS OF USE

The simple and mere use of the Website FITtoken.com, hereinafter «the Site» grants the status of «user» of the Site, whether it is a natural or legal person, and it necessarily implies full, complete and unreserved acceptance of each and every one of the clauses and general conditions included in the Legal Notice. This Legal Notice is subject to changes and updates so that the version published by FITtoken may be different each time that the User accesses the Website; this condition must be taken into account by the User.

The User is obliged and agrees to use the Website in accordance with current legislation, the Legal Notice, and any other notice or instructions put to his knowledge, either by means of this legal notice or in any other place within the Site Web. The User agrees and undertakes not to transmit, disseminate or make available to third parties any kind of
material contained on the Site, such as information, texts, data, content, messages, graphics, drawings, sound and/or image files photographs, recordings, software, logos, brands, icons, technology, links, graphic design and source codes, or any other material to which he had access in his capacity as User of the Site, without this enumeration being of a limiting nature.

Also, in accordance with all this, the User may NOT:

- Reproduce, copy, distribute, make available, publicly communicate, transform or modify the Site, unless you have the written and explicit authorization of FITtoken which holds the corresponding rights.
- Delete, manipulate or in any way alter the «copyright» and other data identifying the reservation of rights of FITtoken or its owners, fingerprints and/or digital identifiers, or any other technical means established for recognition.

### LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

FITtoken has no obligation to control the use that Users make of the Site and the Contents, although it reserves the right to do so. The information is subject to possible periodic changes without prior notice of its content by extension, improvement, correction or update of the Contents.

FITtoken excludes any liability for damages of any nature that may be due to the transmission, dissemination, storage, making available, receiving, obtaining or accessing the Contents, and in particular, although not exclusively, for damages and damages that may be due to:

- The lack of accuracy, relevance and/or timeliness of the Contents.
- Inadequacy for any kind of purpose and non-compliance with the expectations generated by the Contents.
- Interferences, omissions, interruptions, computer viruses, telephone breakdowns or disconnections in the operational functioning of this electronic system, motivated by reasons beyond FITtoken’s control.
- Delays or blockages in the use of this electronic system are caused by deficiencies or overloads on the Internet, telephone lines or other electronic systems.
- Third parties in illegitimate intromissions outside the control of FITtoken.

### NOTIFICATIONS

All notifications and communications by FITtoken to the User made by any means will be considered adequate for all purposes.

### AVAILABILITY OF CONTENTS

The provision of the Website service has, in principle, an indefinite duration. FITtoken however, is authorized to terminate or suspend the provision of the service of the Site at any time.

FITtoken reserves the right to publish or remove from the Website, in whole or in part, any Content, information or material, in its sole discretion.

FITtoken may withdraw or suspend at any time and without prior notice the provision of the Content to those Users who fail to comply with the provisions of the Legal Notice, as well as to undertake actions of any order that may proceed.

### AVAILABILITY OF THE SITE

FITtoken does not guarantee the absence of interruptions or errors in the access to the Site or its Contents, nor that these are updated, although it will try, where appropriate, to avoid, correct or update them.

FITtoken excludes, with the exceptions contemplated in current legislation, any liability for damages of any kind that may be due to lack of availability, continuity or quality of the operation of the Site and its Contents, due to non-fulfilment of the expectation of utility that users may have attributed to the Site and the Contents.

Access to the Site does not imply an obligation on the part of FITtoken to control the absence of viruses, worms or any other harmful computer element. The User is responsible, in any case, for the availability of adequate tools for the detection and disinfection of harmful computer programs, therefore, FITtoken is not responsible for possible security errors that may occur during the provision of the Site’s service, nor of the possible damages that may be caused to the computer system of the user or of third parties (hardware and software), the files or documents stored in it, as a consequence of the presence of viruses in the user’s computer used to connect to the services and contents of the Web, of a malfunction of the browser or the use of non-updated versions thereof.

### INCOMING AND OUTGOING LINKS

Those persons who intend to establish hyperlinks between their website and the Site must observe and comply with the following conditions:

No «frames» will be created with Web pages or Web pages of FITtoken
There will be no false, inaccurate or offensive statements or indications about FITtoken its directors, employees or collaborators, or the people who are related to the Site for any reason, or the Users of the Pages or the Content provided.

It will not be declared or implied that FITtoken has authorized the hyperlink or that it has supervised or assumed in any way the Content offered or made available to the Web site in which the hyperlink is established.

The Web page in which the hyperlink is established will not contain illicit information or content, contrary to morality and generally accepted good customs and public order, nor will it contain contents that are contrary to any third-party rights.

The function of the hyperlinks that appear on this website is exclusively to inform the user, these hyperlinks are not suggestions or recommendations. FITtoken is not responsible for the contents of these linked pages, nor guarantees the absence of viruses or other elements in them that may produce alterations in the computer system (hardware and software), documents or user files, excluding any liability for damages of any kind caused to the user for this reason.

In any case, the existence of Linked Sites must presuppose the existence of agreements with those responsible or owners thereof, or the recommendation, promotion or identification of FITtoken with the statements, content or information provided.

### INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

The Contents of the Site, as well as the trademarks, trade names or distinctive signs of any kind that appear on the Site, are property of FITtoken or, where appropriate, of third parties that have authorized their use, without it being understood that the use or access to the Website and/or the Contents grant the User any rights over said trademarks, trade names and/or distinctive signs, and without which any of the exploitation rights that exist or may exist over said Contents may be understood as transferred to the User.

The unauthorized use of the information contained in this Website, as well as the infringement of the Intellectual or Industrial Property rights of FITtoken or of third parties included in the Site that have assigned content will give rise to the legally established responsibilities.

### PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION

FITtoken complies with current legislation on personal data protection, respects the privacy of users and the secrecy and security of personal data, adopting the necessary technical and organizational measures to avoid loss, misuse, alteration, access, etc. authorized and theft of the Personal Data provided, taking into account the state of the technology, the nature of the data and the risks to which they are exposed.

Personal data will only be obtained for processing, when appropriate, relevant and not excessive in relation to the scope and the specific, explicit and legitimate purposes for which they were obtained, and which will be cancelled when they are no longer needed or pertinent for said purpose, or when requested by the holder in the exercise of his right of cancellation. When personal data is collected through the Website, the user will be solely responsible for completing the forms with false, inaccurate, incomplete or outdated information, being previously informed, clearly and unequivocally, that the Personal Data facilitated will be
incorporated into a file or treatment of personal data, whose holder and responsible is FITtoken registered correctly in the Registry of the Spanish Agency for Data Protection.

Users are also responsible and agree to communicate to FITtoken any change in the data that affect them and that have previously been provided, in order to comply with the principle of accuracy of personal data stored in files. The forms on which personal data are collected clearly specify the mandatory or optional nature of the answer to the questions that may be posed to them, as well as the consequences of obtaining the data or the refusal to supply them.

The purpose of the file and/or data processing is the proper management of the relations between the assignee of personal data and FITtoken. The data will only be transferred to third parties if it is necessary for the correct completion and management of the obligations established in the relationship between the data assignee and FITtoken. No other transfer of data will be made without the express consent of the transferee of personal data.

The User and assignee of personal data may exercise their rights of access, rectification, cancellation and opposition by writing to mail [info@fittoken.io](mailto:info@fittoken.io) including in the written photocopy of the ID or proof of identity of the petitioner. If you have any questions or comments about the way in which FITtoken uses the data of its users, write us to the email address: mail [info@fittoken.io](mailto:info@fittoken.io)

### COOKIES

Access to the Site may involve the use of cookies. Cookies are small amounts of information that are stored in the browser used by each user so that the server remembers certain information that only the server that implemented it will later read. Cookies generally have a limited duration in time. No cookie allows you to contact the User’s phone number, email address or any other means of contact.

No cookie can extract information from the user’s hard drive or steal personal information. Those Users who do not wish to receive cookies or want to be informed of their settings can configure their browsers for this purpose.

### IP ADDRESSES

FITtoken registers the IP addresses (that every User has at the time of accessing the Site for exclusively internal purposes, such as access statistics and market segmentation.) These IP addresses DO NOT ASSOCIATE with personally identifiable information and may provide third parties Informative extracts of the traffic to this Web that do not affect the anonymity of the User, with data on the number of visits to a certain section of the site, traffic flows and trends, etc.

### GOOGLE ANALYTICS

This Website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc., a Delaware company whose main office is at 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View (California), CA 94043, United States («Google”). Google Analytics uses «cookies», which are text files located on your computer, to help the Website analyze the use made by users of the Website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Web (including your IP address) will be directly transmitted and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information on our behalf for the purpose of tracking your use of the Web, compiling reports on the activity of the Web and providing other services related to the activity of the Web and the use of the Internet.

Google may transmit such information to third parties when required by law, or when such third parties process the information on behalf of Google. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. This website may use «tracking tags» on certain pages to measure and optimize results in marketing campaigns, not storing the personal information of the User in any case. The User can reject the treatment of data or information by rejecting the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings for your browser, however, you should know that if you do so you may not be able to use the full functionality of this Web. By using this Website, the User consents to the processing of information about You by Google in the manner and for the purposes indicated above.

### JURISDICTION

For any questions arising on the interpretation, application, and compliance with this Legal Notice, as well as the claims that may arise from its use, all parties involved submit to the Judges and Courts of Madrid.

### CLAIMS

Claims will be answered through email: [info@fittoken.io](mailto:info@fittoken.io)

### APPLICABLE LEGISLATION

This Legal Notice is governed by Spanish law. All copyrights are reserved by international intellectual property laws and treaties. It is expressly forbidden to copy, reproduce or disseminate, total or partial, by any means, without the written and explicit authorization of FITtoken which can be requested at the following email address: [info@fittoken.io](mailto:info@fittoken.io)